Officer, Tacoma 66, TNW, drive. I will be transporting victim to North Hollywood Medical Center. TNW, you're not going to be able to ring up 5026 Langisham Boulevard at New Wave Communications, incident 1464. 59, Officer, TNW, cancel the outside unit. You have a call. 15813, Roger. 989, 989, 839, cancel the call. Riverside Drive, 15813, we're handout. 989, Roger. 840, question assistance, we have a possible 211 in progress at the Bank of America. Bank of America. North of Kittredge, we have shots fired. 39, show us your responding code 3. All units, Officer, need help at the Bank of America, North of Kittredge. Officer, needs help at the Bank of America, North of Kittredge. 39, we're responding code 3. 15839 is responding code 3. 15839, officer, needs help, BMA. All units, Officer, needs help, Lower Canyon, North of Kittredge. Officer, needs help, Lower Canyon, North of Kittredge. At the Bank of America, the shots fired. All units, respond, respond Northbound to Southbound. We are on the South side. 90, I'll five and wrap. All units, respond Northbound, they're on the South side. We have shots fired, shots fired, Lower Canyon, help. All units, Officer, needs help, shots fired, Lower Canyon, North of Kittredge, Lower Canyon, North of Kittredge, at the Bank of America. Units responding, respond Northbound. Units are on the South side. We can't use the unit on the South side, also, but everyone come from North. Units respond Northbound. Suspects are in the bank, the unit tapes the bank. The suspects are inside of the bank, it's a 211 in progress inside the Bank of America, Lower Canyon, North of Kittredge. Suspects are inside of the bank. 83, I want one unit on the North side, I want a unit on the South side, and I want a unit on the South, if possible. 15839 is responding, Code 3, to Lower Canyon, North of Kittredge, 1583, wants a unit on the North side, on the South side, and on the rear. W73, we're Code 6, on Tipper to Lower Canyon. W73 is Code 6, Lower Canyon, and Kittredge. W74, Watch 5, you're on the Code 5. Unit, also, Code 6, I identify. Tipper 2, 4, Watch 5. W73, W24 is also Code 6, Lower Canyon, North of Kittredge. W73, we want someone to position themselves safely to watch the front door, we don't think the suspects know we are here. W43, W43 is requesting a unit to safely position themselves in front of the front door, suspects possibly do not know the TD is there. W43, I'm not on the TD, I'm just in Lower Canyon. W43, I'm fine, where are you? Stay there! W43, stay there. W43, you're at location. Go for it, W43, in Lower Canyon. W83, would you have L90 contact the bank, that's via their own law, and see if they can get a call in. 15L90, 15L90, come in. W43, I think somebody just came out of the front door of the Bank of America. L90, we're taking care of that. Unit advisors, unknown person has exited the bank. W73, we got the front of the bank covered. 14W73 is in front of the bank. L40B, I got two witnesses over here say there's possibly two or three suspects in size, possibly AK-47s who are wearing ski masks and dark clothing. 15L40, there are two witnesses at the location, two to three suspects inside the bank wearing ski masks and AK-47s. L40B, call from 50Z, observe six male blacks in the location. L40B, advise these witnesses say they have AK-47s. All units en route to the 211 in progress at Lower Canyon, north of Kitchridge. Witnesses, advisors, suspects are armed with AK-47s. 837, what's that say? 168, 37 is present. L40B, the witnesses say that they have not seen the suspect's exit location. Per 15L40, witnesses advise they have not seen the suspect's exit location. Thank you, Nancy. Can we get the other unit over here also? 15L10, let's get to attack frequency and do we have the suspect's exit. All units at the 211 in progress at Lower Canyon, north of Kitchridge, attack five, switch to attack five for 211 in progress. L40, more shots are being fired from inside the bank. Switching to L40, more shots are being fired from the suspects at Lower Canyon, north of Kitchridge at the Bank of America. 15L10, we've got automatic gunfire coming from somewhere from the bank location. Also, we need somebody to block traffic at Victory. The traffic at Kitchridge is too close to this bank. Block it at Victory. 15L10, I advise you to more shots at the bank. Firepuffs are on automatic weapon. All units, block traffic at Victory. L40, have a unit block traffic at Dano and get DOT to run with the block traffic at the main street. 15L40, Roger. 15L20, have the ambulance respond to Victory in Lower Canyon for standby. 15L40, Roger. 15L20, what's ETA air support? Air support's been notified. Air support's been... 20 seconds. Air support has a 20 second ETA. More shots are being fired. 15L10, I advise air support the shots have been fired to maintain their altitude until I get you to see what's going on. Air, you're going to maintain your altitude. More shots are being fired from inside the bank. Location. Location is Lower Canyon and Kitchridge and the suspects are armed with AK-47. 15L10, I'm requesting a SWAT respond to this location requesting ETA for SWAT. 9089, I advise the suspects are last... 2 male Hispanic suspects are last seen westbound through the area. 15L10, Roger, on SWAT. 15L90, I advise L10, that SWAT has been notified and we also need a telephone number, telephone number from him. 15L10, SWAT has been notified. Everybody stay down and rapid automatic fire. There's a pan in the area with fire. This is a SWAT, short fire. Holy automatic weapons for fire. I'm requesting help. 15L40 is requesting help. 15L40, your location. I will support. All units, I now unite. Advisors, large shots fired. 500 block of Lower Canyon. I'm about to engage all of them right now. Keep your altitudes requesting help. All units, officers requesting help. Lower Canyon, North of Kitchridge, at the Bank of America, shots are being fired. 15L20, I advise the other units to get to the altitude. Suspects have an automatic weapon. Air unit, keep your altitudes. Shots are being fired. Opps, correction, suspects are armed with automatic weapons. I'm requesting help.  16-97, we, uh, question 16-71, we got, uh, low-altitude at battle and blocked off. 17-971, roger. All units, officer requested help at the bank. This is a violation of the order. Stay down. The suspect is shooting AK-47s. This is a violation of the order. Stay down. This is a violation of the order. Stay down. This is a violation of the order. Call 3. Squad is being notified. Call 3. All officers, stay down. Shots are being fired from AK-47s. There is an officer down. Squad, let me in! Officer down! Our units, officer needs help. Lower Canyons and Kidritch, officer down. Officer needs help. Lower Canyons and Kidritch, officer down. 15-L-10, requesting slot, code 3. L-10, slots being notified. RA's en route for the officer down. All officers, stay down. 15-L-10, see if you can get slot here on an air unit. L-70, slots en route. Uh, we need a, uh, location for a CP. 15-L-10, they need a location for a CP. 15-L-10, standby. We're going to have to get the CP in a safe place. He's got automatic gunfire being fired. All units, standby on the CP location. Automatic shots being fired. 15-L-10, will advise. Will you help out here with the officers down? Yes. You better get an attack alert here. Any of you that know how many officers are down? We have one. More than one, more than one. There's more than one officer down. Swat is being notified to air lift. Switching to L-90 Roger. L-40, get attack alert going. I've been hit. 15-L-40, advice he has been hit. Attack alert being declared. 15-L-40, one other officer has been hit. We are declaring attack alert. RA is en route. Swat is being notified to air lift. L-40, we have situations 10-D- behind Rock and White at the Heartwood and Little Canyon, at Kidnoe and Laurel Canyon. They would need to get a silver condom center to form a recovery unit and pick up this officer. They're requesting a supervisor to form a recovery unit to pick up the officer. 15-L-40, one other officer is down. 15-L-40, one other officer is not serious. 15-L-40, advice this one is not serious. It's in the upper arm. They need the other officer picked up. What is the location of the officer? Hughes Family Market, Hughes Family Market. The officer is down at the Hughes Family Market requesting a supervisor to organize a unit to go in and get the officer. Hughes Family Market. 15-L-40, L-40 is so close and low right now. There's too much fire coming from the front and the back. Now we have an officer down at the southwest corner of Kidridge and Laurel Canyon. The officer is down at the southwest corner of Kidridge and Laurel Canyon. Shots are still being fired off through the southwest corner of Kidridge and Laurel Canyon. 16-L-10, what's your team, Swat? L-10, standby. L-7. Warheads, stay back, stay back! They're responding, Code 3, and we need a CP location. L-9, they're requesting Swat B airlift to be airlifted. 15-L-10, that's Roger. That's the only way to get him in time. Roger, anyone with a CP location, come in. We've got civilians in also. Good year at Kidridge and Laurel Canyon, even though it's too close to this operation at this time. They advise the CP is at Laurel Canyon and Kidridge at the Good Year, and that's too close. Can someone move it back and give us a location? This is V-2, we will. 15 locations, victory at Laurel Canyon. Laurel Canyon. Victory at Laurel Canyon is the CP. 15-L-8, advise all the area units that are over the bank to clear away off the suspects around and then shoot at everything. Tell all the area units to get out of the seat. Roger, what kind of rescue do you need for the officer? 15-L-10, advise all officers not to get away from us or the bank. Maintain your distance. All officers, maintain your distance. The fire department is standing by west of Laurel Canyon. How are we going to get the officer out? 15-L-8. Officer Guy, get to the building! Officer Guy, get to the building behind you! 15-L-10, we need some type of heavy duty vehicle to do this because we are all pinned down by automatic gunfire. 15-L-10, advise all the officers are pinned down by automatic gunfire. We'll notify them you need some type of heavy duty machinery to get the officer out. Where's the fire coming from? 15-L-10, do you need a B-100 to get the officer out? Rescue B-100? Repeat, couldn't hear you. Okay, SLOT is bringing out a B-100 to get the officer. Verify the officer is still down in front of this door. Roger, what's the B-100? Is that the tank? It's something big that they can get to get him out. 85, then bring it. Is there an officer down there? Roger, they're getting someone out something else to get the officer out now. There's a fire truck. Roger. Suspects are fleeing this! They're empty armor! Suspects are wearing body armor! Suspects are wearing body armor attempting to flee. All officers, suspects are wearing body armor. Which direction are they jumping in? What is the direction the suspects are going and they have a tank coming in for the officer. I need an R-A unit, please help. In the building in the parking lot. Check. Officer is requesting help in the building in the parking lot. There's possibly also a motor officer down at Victory and Archwood. I need a checkpoint, open mic. Rich, you're back. I just requested help. What is your location? The builders parking lot? Affirmative, affirmative. South of Hughes in the parking lot and in the building. Multiple officers hit. Multiple officers hit in the building south of Hughes Market. They're sending in a tank for the officers. I need some paper and I need some fire. South of Hughes Market, multiple officers hit. They're sending in a tank for the officers. I need some paper and I need fire. I'm on the north side of the bank. On the north side of the bank. Oh yeah, this is a city-wide TAC alert. We are now on TAC alert due to an unusual occurrence in North Hollywood Division. A city-wide TAC alert at this time. No props. No, I don't want to be in the shot. I need a re-shoot at unknown, 8752. The ping is hanging below our apartment. They're going to the north. They're going to the front. Out north. The suspects are exiting through the north front. Suspects are on the north side of the building. They're walking around like nothing. They've got 8247's, two of them. They're dressed in all black. Anybody armor. The suspects are exiting the bank on the north side of the building, armed with AK-47's, wearing heavy body armor. Wearing all black clothing. Yes, these guys are firing at the officers. All officers stand back. These guys are firing at the officers. All officers, if I per the air unit, the suspects are firing at all officers. Stay down per the air unit. RA is being notified for the officers in the building at the bank in the officer town. In the command post, the suspects are behind the two white vehicles on the north side of the bank. The suspects are behind the two white vehicles on the north side of the bank. Suspects, these guys are generating to get in. One of the suspects is in the white vehicle. One suspect has entered a white vehicle. The white vehicle that's on the west side of the bank. One suspect is still firing at the officers to the rear location. All officers, stay down. One suspect is still firing at officers in the rear of the bank. One suspect has entered a white vehicle on the west side of the bank. Shots are still being fired to the rear of the bank. Call factor, call factor, I'm in a heat room. I'm in a hospital. I'm in a hospital. I'm in a hospital. Hello? Elderly victim, I'm not injured this time. 15-27, your location. Call factor, call factor. Call factor is across your window of elderly victim. I'm in a hospital. I'm not in a hospital. 15-27, you're unreadable. Roll up your window. We got call factor. Call the frequency. We got one suspect in a white car parked in a handicapped spot at the center of the bank. Okay, so if he's in the center of the bank, park him on the side of the road if you can. One suspect is attempting to exit through the rear of the bank in a white vehicle. One suspect on the north side of the bank. The suspects are now on the north side of the bank. There's a suspect in the gray vehicle departing northbound. Oxnard and Colfax, 127 is my location. Oxnard and Colfax, citizen down, elderly woman. Stop that vehicle. Just north of Kidrick. Stop that vehicle. That's north of Long Canyon. Stop that gray vehicle. Slow unit, twist attack six. Slow unit, twist attack six for your request. Slow 22, roger. One unit is requesting someone to stop the vehicle north of Kidrick. It's a gray vehicle.  Airship, park the vehicle. Do not stop it. They've got automatic weapons. There's nothing we have that can stop them. We understand there are suspects in the gray vehicle. Hold the frequency, please. Hold the frequency. Airship, park me. Park me. Are there suspects in that gray vehicle? To any unit that is available, to go to BND and pick up some weapons. They're requesting someone to go to BAD and pick up weapons. L-40, if I do not attempt to stop the gray vehicle, the suspect is armed with an AK-47. The vehicle is eastbound on Van Owen. Weapons? They're green. The guy on the podium there is just one occupant. The vehicle is eastbound on Van Owen. Location is CT. Where is the CT? I don't know. I'm listening. What's the location of the CT? What's the location of the CT? Verify there's still kids in the lower canyon. The last location was the victim in the lower canyon. Unit on the side of the bank of the CT. Swat is en route. To control, can we verify if the suspect is in that gray vehicle? Please. Can anyone verify if the suspect is in a gray vehicle? I'm advising officer down the lower canyon north of Archwood. Do you have anybody available to go to BND guns? Hang on. Flot unit, come in. 15 Crash 41, we're responding to BND guns. Spector, any kids going? 15 Crash 41 is going to get guns. Flot unit on north hollow foot, he'll come in. Come through the room, let's plot. We have an officer down victory west of lower canyon. He needs help cold 3, he is passing out. West of the 170 freeway at victory, the officer needs help immediately. Just in time, 30210. Who do we have to go there? You gotta bring in Foothills Van IJs Division. Let's give it in here. We don't have enough officers to handle this. Roger. Ten more officers requesting additional units from outside division, cold 3. They're requesting all officers to respond to the CP. 10-0-4-9-10, what's the CP location? CP is victory in lower canyon. 10-0-4-9-10, 30-second ETA. 50-0-10, we are going to establish a command post in the parking lot just south of the IHOP, what used to be the 40-good store. That will be our CP location, it will be just south of Kitt Ridge on the east side of the street. And now we're going to enter through the alley. 6-9-37, MF, this hearing aid gets in the air. 6-9-37, repeat. Hearing aid gets in the air, let me go up higher. Suspect is retrieving additional weapons from the truck of his vehicle. 15-3-8-2, advise the CP that the guys is closed. All units, you need to take up more air, the suspect is retrieving additional weapons from the vehicle and shots are being fired. Roger. We need to get into the east of lower canyon on Van Olland. We have civilian traffic crossing into this kill zone here. There is civilian traffic east down lower canyon, east of lower canyon on Van Olland. One east of lower canyon on Van Olland, there is civilian traffic. Suspect is walking along the east end of the bank, he's just daring people to come after him. He's got additional weapons, the truck is open on his vehicle. 50-0-10, if somebody has a shot, take it. Suspect has. One suspect is walking east of the bank, 50-0-10, advise if someone has a shot, take it. This guy is not going down, he's got heavy pottery armor. Go for the head. The suspect has heavy body armor, the officers are firing at him and he's not going down. The other suspect is still in the vehicle, fine. 50-0-10, what's the ETA of SWAT? 50-0-10, we've been given the ETA of SWAT, you're going to have to get back from communications, we're trying to get them out of here. We've got heavy automatic weapons fire right now. Okay, SWAT's on the line. 50-0-10, we want the ETA of SWAT open, we'll be searching for them in other locations. We have SWAT, we have an open line with SWAT, they're coordinating their units, they have units responding from the valley and from downtown, the B-100 is en route. 50-0-8, we have a cattle 7 helicopter almost right on top of that area, why isn't it time to get out of here? 50-0-10, we need someone here with some heavy guns, we need SWAT code 3. 50-0-10, SWAT 3. What's going on here? What's going on here? What's going on here? What just arrived? SWAT is being notified, officers are looking for gun stores now. 50-0-8, we have personnel at DMV open, we're retrieving several AR-15s for the units. One officer is at a gun store getting several AR-15s for the unit. Unknown unit, this officer is looking at the area. Happy to hear a couple of what he said on Archwood from behind the huge market to get a clear shot of the suspect from that location. Officer, I invite you to get a clear shot of the suspect eastbound Archwood from behind the huge market. L-40, these suspects may have armor-piercing ammo. L-40, what type of ammunition? They possibly have armor-piercing ammo. The suspects possibly have armor-piercing ammunition. Air unit, where's that suspect on the north side there? All suspects on the north side of the BR-8 next to the white car with the open truck. 50-0-10, if the units have a shot of the suspect, go for the legs. They don't have body armor on their legs. I've just got to be advised, there's two suspects, there's only one firing, I can't see the other suspect. You need to advise the suspect on the north side of the BR-8, they don't have body armor on their legs, shoot for the legs. 50-0-10, contact North Hollywood Station, have them bring extra reserve ammunition out to the scene, code 3. Requesting extra reserve ammunition from North Hollywood Station, code 3. Which one? Also, we need extra batteries for these radio communications. 50-0-10, we have CHP requesting, do you need the freeway shut down? Yeah, shut down the freeway. They're requesting extra batteries for the officer's rovers. Roger, at Lowell Canyon. The suspect is in the vehicle and has not come out, he may be hit. The other suspect is walking on the east side of the vehicle, he's taking aim, everybody down! Everybody down, shots are being fired, one suspect is possibly injured inside the vehicle and one is outside the white vehicle to the rear of the bank. East side, get the flux out to our location. 50-0-10, if we got any units with the revenues of the flux, get them out here. 50-0-9, you have to advise L-10 that Dr. Prince is in route. 50-0-1-20, advise units on the perimeter that when the officer is rescued, the fire department has set up command posts at Fire Station 89 and bring in a helicopter to take them out. Bring in an officer when he's rescued to Fire Station 89, they have units standing by. 50-0-9, L-4-6 has been left surging down the road, down to about 20, in Lowell Canyon. He appears to be unconscious, he is down on the west side of the street. The officer that's down at Lowell Canyon, Archwood, is unconscious. Shots are being fired still, the officer is down at Archwood and Lowell Canyon. 40 is about 30 yards north of Archwood, on Lowell Canyon. 30 yards north of Archwood, on Lowell Canyon, the officer is down, unconscious. 40, that officer that's down behind the tree, he's got cover. The officer that's down has gotten cover behind the tree, the RA has been notified, we're trying to get someone in for him. Area, does anyone have a clear shot of those guys? Does anyone have a clear shot of the suspect? 40, the suspect is getting shot right back at him. They're trying, it's the suspect, they're shooting right back at him. 50, the other one is right behind, he's going to need to pull into position, 50, 50, 50. Everyone, come in with your car, come in with your officers in it, stand by, everybody stand by. Everyone stand by, there's an armored car coming in full of police officers. Suspect vehicle is moving, suspect vehicle is moving. Suspect vehicle is moving. What location? Driving to the rear of the bank, it looks like he's going to pick up the additional suspect. The suspect is driving his vehicle and is moving to the rear of the bank to pick up the other suspect. There is an armored vehicle full of officers en route. 40, the suspect vehicle is still open, keep an eye on that vehicle, it's by the air unit. The suspect vehicle is out in the open. Roger. 50, that vehicle moves and gets out of our perimeter, make sure the area that follows New York stop, that's going to be a SWAT job. Copy. 60, where are the officers, we have an armored car here, tell me where the officers are. Sidney armored car to Laurel Canyon Archwood, north of Archwood, 30 yards on Laurel Canyon. 60, I'm picking up an armored car to Laurel Canyon Archwood.  We're going to re-establish the CPs further away at Allen S. Auto Sound of Laurel Canyon in the parking lot. Have units respond there. We're going to re-establish the CPs further away at Allen S. Auto Sound of Laurel Canyon in the parking lot. Have units respond there. Have units respond there. We're going to re-establish the CPs further away at Allen S. Auto Sound of Laurel Canyon in the parking lot. Have units respond there. We're going to re-establish the CPs further away at Allen S. Auto Sound of Laurel Canyon in the parking lot. Have units respond there. We're going to re-establish the CPs further away at Allen S. Auto Sound of Laurel Canyon in the parking lot. Have units respond there. We're going to re-establish the CPs further away at Allen S. Auto Sound of Laurel Canyon in the parking lot. Have units respond there. We're going to re-establish the CPs further away at Allen S. Auto Sound of Laurel Canyon in the parking lot. Have units respond there. We're going to re-establish the CPs further away at Allen S. Auto Sound of Laurel Canyon in the parking lot. Have units respond there. We're going to re-establish the CPs further away at Allen S. Auto Sound of Laurel Canyon in the parking lot. Have units respond there. We're going to re-establish the CPs further away at Allen S. Auto Sound of Laurel Canyon in the parking lot. Have units respond there. We're going to re-establish the CPs further away at Allen S. Auto Sound of Laurel Canyon in the parking lot. Have units respond there. We're going to re-establish the CPs further away at Allen S. Auto Sound of Laurel Canyon in the parking lot. Have units respond there. We're going to re-establish the CPs further away at Allen S. Auto Sound of Laurel Canyon in the parking lot. Have units respond there. We're going to re-establish the CPs further away at Allen S. Auto Sound of Laurel Canyon in the parking lot. Have units respond there. We're going to re-establish the CPs further away at Allen S. Auto Sound of Laurel Canyon in the parking lot. Have units respond there. More shots are being fired. Shots are being fired. Shots are being fired behind the white house. Watch crossfire. All units watch for crossfire. On archway between Rafford and Hines, Metro is engaging the suspect. All units stay back. On archway between Rafford and Hines, Air Unit advise all officers to stay back. Watch for crossfire. 15L120, we need more additional units. We need more additional units. 15L120 requesting units south of Laurel Canyon for civilian traffic. Air Unit advise the unit there are too close to a suspect. They need a back-off. Air Unit that is close to the suspect back off per cycle 14. That unit is a Metro unit ma'am and they're engaging the suspect. They're not able to back off. Air Unit advise the unit close to the suspect is Metro engaging. Bring all the injured officers to Sherman Way and Laurel Canyon. We've got a CP set up for all injured officers in the area of our helicopter. Bring all the injured officers to Sherman Way and Laurel Canyon. Take all injured officers to Sherman Way and Laurel Canyon. They have a CP. They have a CP set up for all the injured officers Sherman Way and Laurel Canyon. The advisor suspect is prone down. He may be shooting underneath the vehicle towards officers. The advisor suspect is prone down and possibly shooting at the officers from under the vehicle on Archway between Radford and Hines. Hey guys, it's closed off to Square Block area. Don't let any traffic through. L40V advise any units we have here are unusable. The black and white are all blown up. All the black and white at the location are unusable. They have shots fired. L40V advise suspect on Archway is in custody. All units here, white to white, zero to eight. One suspect on Archway is in custody. The suspect on Archway is in custody. Citizen reporting possible suspect hiding on a Forge 11805 Archway. 11805 Archway, a male white with a blue hatty hiding on the Forge. W30, citizen requesting for an upset. Body armor type outfit. One suspect is in custody.  We're still at 1805 Archwood. H-30, I need a warning unit for a civilian downwind at 6700 Borrella. Repeating possible suspect, 1805 Archwood. Male white wearing a blue hat, he's a possible suspect. What's happening with the blue truck? The brown truck is not the truck. Does anyone know where the brown truck is? The RA has been notified for the civilian down. The truck is over here with the, uh, Metro officers. The Metro has the blue truck. Where's the white vehicle? With the Metro officers also. The Metro is with the white vehicle also. The suspects escaped the perimeter. There's only one suspect in custody. The brown truck is in custody. W-10, now an out to suspect. We have the one at high, one just behind us. Black helicopter, car running along the edge. One suspect in custody at the Bank of America. The suspect possibly escaped the perimeter. Repeat your message. W-10, one in custody on Archwood is just behind the bank, not at the bank. There's one in custody. Okay, entering to control. The advisor, two suspects in custody. One is on Archwood and Agnes, and one is on Archwood between Radford and Hines. Both, those two suspects are in custody. Metro has one in custody and North Hollywood has another one in custody. Roger, location of the other suspect. W-10, make sure the suspect is in the command post. The one's in the infestation, he's not in the command post. The suspect's not in custody. Is there anyone who can call back to that? One suspect's in custody, Archwood and Agnes. One on Archwood between Radford and Hines. Are there any outstanding suspects? David, I know. David, we have a suspect down there. We need an orange unit to this location. Roger. Entering to control. Advise the bank still needs to be cleared. Entering to control. Advise the bank still needs to be cleared. We have our en route to Archwood and Agnes.